Online Exploit Resources
Various online resources
host exploit code
and make it available to
the public for free.
In this section, we’ll cover the three
most popular online resources.
These sites usually conduct tests on
the submitted exploit code
and remove any that are
deemed fake or malicious.
The Exploit Database
The Exploit Database is a project
maintained by Offensive Security.
It’s a free archive of public exploits
that are gathered through submissions,
mailing lists, and public resource.
The Exploit Database was
designed to allow users to
quickly find the information
they’re looking for.
We can easily filter by type,
platform, author, port, and tag.
In contrast to other online resources,
The Exploit Database occasionally
provides the installer
for the vulnerable version of the
software for research purposes.
When the installer is available, it’s
marked with a download box icon
displayed in the “A” column.
Another useful feature of
the Exploit Database
is that it indicates which
exploits are known to be valid.
These entries are indicated with a
checkmark in the “V” column.
The filters for type,
platform, and author
can also be applied by selecting
them in the table itself.
To see all of the information
for a particular exploit,
we simply click the exploit title.
On the individual exploit pages,
we can review all available metadata
and the content of the exploit itself.
When we return back to the main page…
…our filters are still applied.
To return to the default data set,
we click the “Reset All” button.
Exploit Database updates are announced
through the Twitter and RSS feeds.
SecurityFocus Exploit Archives
The SecurityFocus Exploit Archives
website was created in 1999
and focuses on some key areas
important to the security community.
These areas include the
BugTraq mailing list
and the SecurityFocus
vulnerability database.
SecurityFocus is a vulnerability database
as opposed to an exploit database
so many of its entries do not
include proof of concept code.
However, each entry contains
external references.
These references can provide
a great deal of information
regarding the vulnerability and
often include proof of concept code.
SecurityFocus announces updates
through their Twitter feed,
and an RSS feed is available as well.
Packet Storm
Packet Storm was established in 1998.
It provides up-to-date security news
and as with the Exploit Database
and SecurityFocus,
also posts information about
exploits and vulnerabilities.
A key differentiator of Packet Storm is
that it also hosts security tools.
These tools are often tailored to
a specific vulnerability or scenario
and can be very useful.
As with the other resources we’ve covered,
PacketStorm posts updates to Twitter
and also publishes an RSS feed.
Google Search Operators
In addition to the individual
websites that we’ve covered,
we can search for additional
exploit-hosting sites
using traditional search engines.
We can begin searching for a
specific software and version
followed by the exploit keyword
and include various search operators
(like those used by the Google
search engine) to narrow our search.
Mastering these advanced operators
can help us tailor our search results
to find exactly what we’re looking for.
As an example, we can use
the following search query
to locate vulnerabilities affecting
the Microsoft Edge browser
and limit the results to only
those exploits that are hosted
on the Exploit Database website.
Other search operators that can be used to
fine-tune our searches include “inurl”,
“intext”,
and “intitle”.
With just a few iterative searches, we’re
able to rapidly narrow down our results.
As a gentle reminder,
always use extreme caution when using
exploits from non-curated resources.